Written by Konpi
Shireun
Hyooaa
and mathematic college student
Tears down
Mother-in-law
Even if I have to go to the mountains and the mountains,
even if I have to work for a day,
I will not complain to the priest.
Even if I am a fool,
I will be of use to my parents.
Oh, Shinobu, I'm sorry to hear that.
Yes, yes, yes.
This child is not a child I made by myself.
I don't know his face, I don't know anything.
He is a shy child.
I will ask my parents and I will do it.
Even if I rely on my parents,
I can do it with my parents.
I'm a shy child.
I don't know his face, I don't know anything.
I will ask my parents and I will do it.
I don't know anything.
I'm a shy child.
I will ask my parents and I will do it.
Oh, wait a minute.
Even if I am a fool,
I will be of use to my parents.
I don't know his face, I don't know anything.
He is a shy child.
I will ask my parents and I will do it.
If you don't teach me
the terrible things of life...